---
title: Third Party Components
summary: "This product contains some third-party components (listed below)."
sidebar: p_enterprise_sidebar
permalink: enterprise_legal_thirdpartycomponents.html
id: 1007
toc: false
folder: SpotlightEnterprise
readonly: true
---

Copies of their licenses may be found at [http://www.quest.com/legal/license-agreements.aspx](http://www.quest.com/legal/license-agreements.aspx). Source code for components marked with an asterisk (\*) is available at [http://opensource.quest.com](http://opensource.quest.com).

## List of Third-Party Contributions

Component | License or Acknowledgement
----------|---------------------------
Apache Commons Cli 1.4<br>Apache Commons Codec 1.14<br>Apache Commons Collections 4.4.1<br>Apache Commons Lang 3 3.7<br>Apache Commons IO 2.6<br>Apache HttpClient 4.5.12<br>httpclient-cache 4.5.12<br>httpcore 4.4.13<br>Ehcache 3.5.2<br>Jackson-Annotations 2.2.3<br>jackson-core 2.2.3<br>jackson-databind 2.2.3<br>Jetty 9.4.25<br>Log4Net 1.2.10<br>RazorEngine 3.10.0<br>SNMP4j 2.6.2<br>WpfAnimatedGif 1.4.17<bar>log4j-api 2.13.3<br>log4j-core 2.13.3<br>log4j-slf4j-impl 2.13.3<br>log4j-web 2.13.3<br>disruptor 3.3.6<br>caffeine 2.6.2<br>fluent-hc 4.5.12<br>Guava 29.0-jre<br>httpasyncclient 4.1.4<br>httpclient-win 4.5.12<br>httpasyncclient-cache 4.1.4<br>httpcore-ab 4.4.13<br>httpcore-nio 4.4.13<br>httpmime 4.5.12<br>Jackson-annotations 2.10.3<br>Jackson-core 2.10.3<br>jackson-databind 2.10.3<br>jackson-module-jaxb-annotations 2.11.2<br>javassist 3.22.0-GA<br>jetty-alpn-server 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-annotations 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-client 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-continuation 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-deploy 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-http 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-io 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-jaas 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-jaspi 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-jmx 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-jndi 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-nosql 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-plus 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-proxy 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-rewrite 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-schemas 3.1<br>jetty-security 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-server 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-servlet 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-util 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-webapp 9.4.25.v20191220<br>jetty-xml 9.4.25.v20191220<br>JNA 5.6.0<br>JNA-Platform 5.6.0<br>lz4-java-1.4.1.jar 1.4.1<br>objenesis 2.6<br>opencsv 4.1<br>oswego-concurrent-1.3.4.jar 1.3.4<br>simple-xml-2.7.1.jar 2.7.1<br>validation-api 2.0.1.Final | License Text - Apache 2.0<br><br>Apache License<br>Version 2.0, January 2004<br>http://www.apache.org/licenses/<br><br>TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION<br><br>1. Definitions.<br><br>"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.<br><br>"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.<br><br>"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.<br><br>"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.<br><br>"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.<br><br>"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.<br><br>"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).<br><br>"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.<br><br>"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."<br><br>"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.<br><br>2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.<br><br>3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.<br><br>4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:<br><br>(a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and<br><br>(b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and<br><br>(c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and<br><br>(d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.<br><br>You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.<br><br>5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.<br><br>6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.<br><br>7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.<br><br>8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.<br><br>9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.<br><br>END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Apache Commons Logging 1.2 | License Text - Apache 1.1<br><br>The Apache Software License, Version 1.1<br><br>Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation. All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br><br>2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br>3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)." Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.<br><br>4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.<br><br>5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache", nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation.<br><br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.<br><br>This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation. For more information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see <http://www.apache.org/>.<br><br>Portions of this software are based upon public domain software originally written at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. 
AvalonDock 2.0.2000 | License Text - MICROSOFT Public License 2012<br><br>Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)<br><br>This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software.<br>1. Definitions<br>The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.<br>A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software.<br>A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution under this license.<br>"Licensed patents" are a contributor's patent claims that read directly on its contribution.<br>2. Grant of Rights<br>(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create.<br>(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.<br>3. Conditions and Limitations<br>(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks.<br>(B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.<br>(C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software.<br>(D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license.<br>(E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
AvalonEdit 5.0.3 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - AvalonEdit 5.0.3<br><br>Copyright (c) AvalonEdit Contributors<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
DataGridExtensions 1.0.14.0 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - DataGridExtensions 1.0.14.0<br><br>Copyright (c) 2012-2017 tom-englert.de<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
DCPcrypt 2.1 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - DCPcrypt 2.1<br><br>DCPcrypt is copyrighted (c) 1999-2003 David Barton.<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Font Awesome 4.6.3 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - Font Awesome 4.6.3<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
HTML5 Shiv 3.7.0 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - HTML5 Shiv 3.7.0<br><br>Copyright (c) 2014 Alexander Farkas (aFarkas).<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Jekyll Documentation Theme 6.0 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - Jekyll Documentation Theme 6.0<br><br>Copyright (c) 2016 Tom Johnson<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MahApps.Metro 1.0.0.0 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - MahApps.Metro 1.0.0.0<br><br>Copyright (c) 2019 MahApps<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Newtonsoft.Json.dll 6.0.4 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - Newtonsoft.Json.dll 6.0.4<br><br>Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Nito.AsyncEx 3.0.1 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - Nito.AsyncEx 3.0.1<br><br>Copyright (c) 2014 StephenCleary<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
respond.js 1.4.2 | License Text - MIT<br><br>Copyright Notice - respond.js 1.4.2<br><br>Copyright (c) 2013 Scott Jehl<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
CefSharp.Common 57.0.0<br>CefSharp.WinForms 49.0.1 | License Text - CefSharp.Common 1.0<br><br>Copyright © The CefSharp Authors. All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br><br>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br>Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the name Chromium Embedded Framework nor the name CefSharp nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br><br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
DataTables 1.10.5 | License Text - DataTables 1.10.5<br><br>Copyright (c) 2008-2011, Allan Jardine<br>All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br>Neither the name of Allan Jardine nor SpryMedia UK may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Extended.Wpf.Toolkit 2.2.1 | License Text - Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL) 1.0 - October 12, 2006<br><br>Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)<br>Published: October 12, 2006<br><br>This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software.<br><br>1. Definitions<br>The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.<br><br>A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software.<br><br>A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution under this license.<br><br>"Licensed patents" are a contributor’s patent claims that read directly on its contribution.<br><br>Top of page<br>2. Grant of Rights<br>(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create.<br><br>(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.<br><br>Top of page<br>3. Conditions and Limitations<br>(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors’ name, logo, or trademarks.<br><br>(B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.<br><br>(C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software.<br><br>(D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license.<br><br>(E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Javamail 1.6.2<br>Java Servlet API 3.1.0 | License Text - COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE (CDDL) Version 1.1<br><br>1. Definitions.<br><br>    1.1. "Contributor" means each individual or entity that creates or<br>    contributes to the creation of Modifications.<br><br>    1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original<br>    Software, prior Modifications used by a Contributor (if any), and<br>    the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.<br><br>    1.3. "Covered Software" means (a) the Original Software, or (b)<br>    Modifications, or (c) the combination of files containing Original<br>    Software with files containing Modifications, in each case including<br>    portions thereof.<br><br>    1.4. "Executable" means the Covered Software in any form other than<br>    Source Code.<br><br>    1.5. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity that first<br>    makes Original Software available under this License.<br><br>    1.6. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Software or<br>    portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.<br><br>    1.7. "License" means this document.<br><br>    1.8. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum<br>    extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or<br>    subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.<br><br>    1.9. "Modifications" means the Source Code and Executable form of<br>    any of the following:<br><br>    A. Any file that results from an addition to, deletion from or<br>    modification of the contents of a file containing Original Software<br>    or previous Modifications;<br><br>    B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Software or<br>    previous Modification; or<br><br>    C. Any new file that is contributed or otherwise made available<br>    under the terms of this License.<br><br>    1.10. "Original Software" means the Source Code and Executable form<br>    of computer software code that is originally released under this<br>    License.<br><br>    1.11. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or<br>    hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process,<br>    and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.<br><br>    1.12. "Source Code" means (a) the common form of computer software<br>    code in which modifications are made and (b) associated<br>    documentation included in or with such code.<br><br>    1.13. "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity<br>    exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of,<br>    this License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which<br>    controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For<br>    purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct<br>    or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,<br>    whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than<br>    fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial<br>    ownership of such entity.<br><br>2. License Grants.<br><br>    2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.<br><br>    Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject<br>    to third party intellectual property claims, the Initial Developer<br>    hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license:<br><br>    (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or<br>    trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer, to use, reproduce,<br>    modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original<br>    Software (or portions thereof), with or without Modifications,<br>    and/or as part of a Larger Work; and<br><br>    (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of<br>    Original Software, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and<br>    offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Software<br>    (or portions thereof).<br><br>    (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on<br>    the date Initial Developer first distributes or otherwise makes the<br>    Original Software available to a third party under the terms of this<br>    License.<br><br>    (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is<br>    granted: (1) for code that You delete from the Original Software, or<br>    (2) for infringements caused by: (i) the modification of the<br>    Original Software, or (ii) the combination of the Original Software<br>    with other software or devices.<br><br>    2.2. Contributor Grant.<br><br>    Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject<br>    to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby<br>    grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license:<br><br>    (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or<br>    trademark) Licensable by Contributor to use, reproduce, modify,<br>    display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications<br>    created by such Contributor (or portions thereof), either on an<br>    unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Software<br>    and/or as part of a Larger Work; and<br><br>    (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling<br>    of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in<br>    combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such<br>    combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or<br>    otherwise dispose of: (1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or<br>    portions thereof); and (2) the combination of Modifications made by<br>    that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such<br>    combination).<br><br>    (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are effective<br>    on the date Contributor first distributes or otherwise makes the<br>    Modifications available to a third party.<br><br>    (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is<br>    granted: (1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the<br>    Contributor Version; (2) for infringements caused by: (i) third<br>    party modifications of Contributor Version, or (ii) the combination<br>    of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software<br>    (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or (3)<br>    under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Software in the absence of<br>    Modifications made by that Contributor.<br><br>3. Distribution Obligations.<br><br>    3.1. Availability of Source Code.<br><br>    Any Covered Software that You distribute or otherwise make available<br>    in Executable form must also be made available in Source Code form<br>    and that Source Code form must be distributed only under the terms<br>    of this License. You must include a copy of this License with every<br>    copy of the Source Code form of the Covered Software You distribute<br>    or otherwise make available. You must inform recipients of any such<br>    Covered Software in Executable form as to how they can obtain such<br>    Covered Software in Source Code form in a reasonable manner on or<br>    through a medium customarily used for software exchange.<br><br>    3.2. Modifications.<br><br>    The Modifications that You create or to which You contribute are<br>    governed by the terms of this License. You represent that You<br>    believe Your Modifications are Your original creation(s) and/or You<br>    have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.<br><br>    3.3. Required Notices.<br><br>    You must include a notice in each of Your Modifications that<br>    identifies You as the Contributor of the Modification. You may not<br>    remove or alter any copyright, patent or trademark notices contained<br>    within the Covered Software, or any notices of licensing or any<br>    descriptive text giving attribution to any Contributor or the<br>    Initial Developer.<br><br>    3.4. Application of Additional Terms.<br><br>    You may not offer or impose any terms on any Covered Software in<br>    Source Code form that alters or restricts the applicable version of<br>    this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. You may choose to<br>    offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or<br>    liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Software.<br>    However, you may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of<br>    the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it<br>    absolutely clear that any such warranty, support, indemnity or<br>    liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree<br>    to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any<br>    liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a<br>    result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.<br><br>    3.5. Distribution of Executable Versions.<br><br>    You may distribute the Executable form of the Covered Software under<br>    the terms of this License or under the terms of a license of Your<br>    choice, which may contain terms different from this License,<br>    provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License<br>    and that the license for the Executable form does not attempt to<br>    limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code form from<br>    the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute the Covered<br>    Software in Executable form under a different license, You must make<br>    it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License<br>    are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or<br>    Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and<br>    every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial<br>    Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.<br><br>    3.6. Larger Works.<br><br>    You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Software with<br>    other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute<br>    the Larger Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make<br>    sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered<br>    Software.<br><br>4. Versions of the License.<br><br>    4.1. New Versions.<br><br>    Oracle is the initial license steward and may publish revised and/or<br>    new versions of this License from time to time. Each version will be<br>    given a distinguishing version number. Except as provided in Section<br>    4.3, no one other than the license steward has the right to modify<br>    this License.<br><br>    4.2. Effect of New Versions.<br><br>    You may always continue to use, distribute or otherwise make the<br>    Covered Software available under the terms of the version of the<br>    License under which You originally received the Covered Software. If<br>    the Initial Developer includes a notice in the Original Software<br>    prohibiting it from being distributed or otherwise made available<br>    under any subsequent version of the License, You must distribute and<br>    make the Covered Software available under the terms of the version<br>    of the License under which You originally received the Covered<br>    Software. Otherwise, You may also choose to use, distribute or<br>    otherwise make the Covered Software available under the terms of any<br>    subsequent version of the License published by the license steward.<br><br>    4.3. Modified Versions.<br><br>    When You are an Initial Developer and You want to create a new<br>    license for Your Original Software, You may create and use a<br>    modified version of this License if You: (a) rename the license and<br>    remove any references to the name of the license steward (except to<br>    note that the license differs from this License); and (b) otherwise<br>    make it clear that the license contains terms which differ from this<br>    License.<br><br>5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.<br><br>    COVERED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,<br>    WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,<br>    INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED SOFTWARE<br>    IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR<br>    NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF<br>    THE COVERED SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED SOFTWARE PROVE<br>    DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY<br>    OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING,<br>    REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN<br>    ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED SOFTWARE IS<br>    AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.<br><br>6. TERMINATION.<br><br>    6.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate<br>    automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to<br>    cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach.<br>    Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the<br>    termination of this License shall survive.<br><br>    6.2. If You assert a patent infringement claim (excluding<br>    declaratory judgment actions) against Initial Developer or a<br>    Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom You<br>    assert such claim is referred to as "Participant") alleging that the<br>    Participant Software (meaning the Contributor Version where the<br>    Participant is a Contributor or the Original Software where the<br>    Participant is the Initial Developer) directly or indirectly<br>    infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted directly or<br>    indirectly to You by such Participant, the Initial Developer (if the<br>    Initial Developer is not the Participant) and all Contributors under<br>    Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License shall, upon 60 days notice<br>    from Participant terminate prospectively and automatically at the<br>    expiration of such 60 day notice period, unless if within such 60<br>    day period You withdraw Your claim with respect to the Participant<br>    Software against such Participant either unilaterally or pursuant to<br>    a written agreement with Participant.<br><br>    6.3. If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant<br>    alleging that the Participant Software directly or indirectly<br>    infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as by<br>    license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent<br>    infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses<br>    granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken<br>    into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or<br>    license.<br><br>    6.4. In the event of termination under Sections 6.1 or 6.2 above,<br>    all end user licenses that have been validly granted by You or any<br>    distributor hereunder prior to termination (excluding licenses<br>    granted to You by any distributor) shall survive termination.<br><br>7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.<br><br>    UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT<br>    (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE<br>    INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF<br>    COVERED SOFTWARE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE<br>    TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR<br>    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT<br>    LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER<br>    FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR<br>    LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE<br>    POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT<br>    APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH<br>    PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH<br>    LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR<br>    LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION<br>    AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.<br><br>8. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.<br><br>    The Covered Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined<br>    in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer<br>    software" (as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §<br>    252.227-7014(a)(1)) and "commercial computer software documentation"<br>    as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent<br>    with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4<br>    (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Software<br>    with only those rights set forth herein. This U.S. Government Rights<br>    clause is in lieu of, and supersedes, any other FAR, DFAR, or other<br>    clause or provision that addresses Government rights in computer<br>    software under this License.<br><br>9. MISCELLANEOUS.<br><br>    This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject<br>    matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be<br>    unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent<br>    necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by<br>    the law of the jurisdiction specified in a notice contained within<br>    the Original Software (except to the extent applicable law, if any,<br>    provides otherwise), excluding such jurisdiction's conflict-of-law<br>    provisions. Any litigation relating to this License shall be subject<br>    to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the jurisdiction and<br>    venue specified in a notice contained within the Original Software,<br>    with the losing party responsible for costs, including, without<br>    limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses.<br>    The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for<br>    the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or<br>    regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be<br>    construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License. You<br>    agree that You alone are responsible for compliance with the United<br>    States export administration regulations (and the export control<br>    laws and regulation of any other countries) when You use, distribute<br>    or otherwise make available any Covered Software.<br><br>10. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.<br><br>    As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is<br>    responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,<br>    out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to<br>    work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such<br>    responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or<br>    shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.<br><br>------------------------------------------------------------------------<br><br>NOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 9 OF THE COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION<br>LICENSE (CDDL)<br><br>The code released under the CDDL shall be governed by the laws of the<br>State of California (excluding conflict-of-law provisions). Any<br>litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the jurisdiction<br>of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California and the<br>state courts of the State of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara<br>County, California.<br><br><br><br>  The GNU General Public License (GPL) Version 2, June 1991<br><br>Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.<br>51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor<br>Boston, MA 02110-1335<br>USA<br><br>Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies<br>of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.<br><br>Preamble<br><br>The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to<br>share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is<br>intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to<br>make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public<br>License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and<br>to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free<br>Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General<br>Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.<br><br>When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price.<br>Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the<br>freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this<br>service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you<br>want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new<br>free programs; and that you know you can do these things.<br><br>To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone<br>to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These<br>restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you<br>distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.<br><br>For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis<br>or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have.<br>You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code.<br>And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.<br><br>We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and<br>(2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,<br>distribute and/or modify the software.<br><br>Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain<br>that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free<br>software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we<br>want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so<br>that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original<br>authors' reputations.<br><br>Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents.<br>We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will<br>individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program<br>proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must<br>be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.<br><br>The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and<br>modification follow.<br><br>TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION<br><br>0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a<br>notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under<br>the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers<br>to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means<br>either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is<br>to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either<br>verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language.<br>(Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term<br>"modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".<br><br>Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not<br>covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running<br>the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is<br>covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program<br>(independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that<br>is true depends on what the Program does.<br><br>1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source<br>code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously<br>and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice<br>and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to<br>this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other<br>recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.<br><br>You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and<br>you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.<br><br>2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of<br>it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute<br>such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided<br>that you also meet all of these conditions:<br><br>    a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices<br>    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.<br><br>    b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in<br>    whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part<br>    thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties<br>    under the terms of this License.<br><br>    c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively<br>    when run, you must cause it, when started running for such<br>    interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an<br>    announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice<br>    that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a<br>    warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these<br>    conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License.<br>    (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not<br>    normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program<br>    is not required to print an announcement.)<br><br>These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If<br>identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and<br>can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in<br>themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those<br>sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you<br>distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on<br>the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this<br>License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire<br>whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.<br><br>Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest<br>your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to<br>exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or<br>collective works based on the Program.<br><br>In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program<br>with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a<br>storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the<br>scope of this License.<br><br>3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,<br>under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of<br>Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:<br><br>    a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable<br>    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1<br>    and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,<br><br>    b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three<br>    years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost<br>    of physically performing source distribution, a complete<br>    machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be<br>    distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium<br>    customarily used for software interchange; or,<br><br>    c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to<br>    distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed<br>    only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the<br>    program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in<br>    accord with Subsection b above.)<br><br>The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for<br>making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code<br>means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any<br>associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control<br>compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special<br>exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is<br>normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major<br>components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on<br>which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the<br>executable.<br><br>If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access<br>to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy<br>the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source<br>code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source<br>along with the object code.<br><br>4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program<br>except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise<br>to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will<br>automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties<br>who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will<br>not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in<br>full compliance.<br><br>5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not<br>signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or<br>distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are<br>prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by<br>modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the<br>Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all<br>its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the<br>Program or works based on it.<br><br>6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the<br>Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the<br>original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to<br>these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions<br>on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not<br>responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.<br><br>7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent<br>infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),<br>conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or<br>otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not<br>excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute<br>so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and<br>any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not<br>distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would<br>not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who<br>receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you<br>could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from<br>distribution of the Program.<br><br>If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under<br>any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to<br>apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other<br>circumstances.<br><br>It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any<br>patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any<br>such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the<br>integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented<br>by public license practices. Many people have made generous<br>contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that<br>system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to<br>the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute<br>software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.<br><br>This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be<br>a consequence of the rest of this License.<br><br>8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in<br>certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the<br>original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may<br>add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those<br>countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries<br>not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the<br>limitation as if written in the body of this License.<br><br>9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new<br>versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new<br>versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may<br>differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.<br><br>Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program<br>specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any<br>later version", you have the option of following the terms and<br>conditions either of that version or of any later version published by<br>the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version<br>number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the<br>Free Software Foundation.<br><br>10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free<br>programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the<br>author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the<br>Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we<br>sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the<br>two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free<br>software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.<br><br>NO WARRANTY<br><br>11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO<br>WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.<br>EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR<br>OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,<br>EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED<br>WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE<br>ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH<br>YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL<br>NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.<br><br>12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN<br>WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY<br>AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR<br>DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL<br>DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM<br>(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED<br>INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF<br>THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR<br>OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.<br><br>END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS<br><br>How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs<br><br>If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest<br>possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it<br>free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.<br><br>To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to<br>attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey<br>the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the<br>"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.<br><br>    One line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.<br>    Copyright (C) <year> <name of author><br><br>    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify<br>    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by<br>    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or<br>    (at your option) any later version.<br><br>    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but<br>    WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of<br>    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU<br>    General Public License for more details.<br><br>    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License<br>    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software<br>    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1335 USA<br><br>Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.<br><br>If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this<br>when it starts in an interactive mode:<br><br>    Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author<br>    Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type<br>    `show w`. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute<br>    it under certain conditions; type `show c` for details.<br><br>The hypothetical commands `show w` and `show c` should show the<br>appropriate parts of the General Public License. Of course, the commands<br>you use may be called something other than `show w` and `show c`; they<br>could even be mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.<br><br>You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your<br>school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if<br>necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:<br><br>    Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the<br>    program `Gnomovision` (which makes passes at compilers) written by<br>    James Hacker.<br><br>    signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1989<br>    Ty Coon, President of Vice<br><br>This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program<br>into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you<br>may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications<br>with the library. If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library<br>General Public License instead of this License.<br><br>#<br><br>Certain source files distributed by Oracle America, Inc. and/or its<br>affiliates are subject to the following clarification and special<br>exception to the GPLv2, based on the GNU Project exception for its<br>Classpath libraries, known as the GNU Classpath Exception, but only<br>where Oracle has expressly included in the particular source file's<br>header the words "Oracle designates this particular file as subject to<br>the "Classpath" exception as provided by Oracle in the LICENSE file<br>that accompanied this code."<br><br>You should also note that Oracle includes multiple, independent<br>programs in this software package. Some of those programs are provided<br>under licenses deemed incompatible with the GPLv2 by the Free Software<br>Foundation and others.  For example, the package includes programs<br>licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.  Such programs are<br>licensed to you under their original licenses.<br><br>Oracle facilitates your further distribution of this package by adding<br>the Classpath Exception to the necessary parts of its GPLv2 code, which<br>permits you to use that code in combination with other independent<br>modules not licensed under the GPLv2.  However, note that this would<br>not permit you to commingle code under an incompatible license with<br>Oracle's GPLv2 licensed code by, for example, cutting and pasting such<br>code into a file also containing Oracle's GPLv2 licensed code and then<br>distributing the result.  Additionally, if you were to remove the<br>Classpath Exception from any of the files to which it applies and<br>distribute the result, you would likely be required to license some or<br>all of the other code in that distribution under the GPLv2 as well, and<br>since the GPLv2 is incompatible with the license terms of some items<br>included in the distribution by Oracle, removing the Classpath<br>Exception could therefore effectively compromise your ability to<br>further distribute the package.<br><br>Proceed with caution and we recommend that you obtain the advice of a<br>lawyer skilled in open source matters before removing the Classpath<br>Exception or making modifications to this package which may<br>subsequently be redistributed and/or involve the use of third party<br>software.<br><br>CLASSPATH EXCEPTION<br>Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is<br>making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and<br>conditions of the GNU General Public License version 2 cover the whole<br>combination.<br><br>As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you<br>permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an<br>executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent<br>modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under<br>terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked<br>independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that<br>module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from or<br>based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend this<br>exception to your version of the library, but you are not obligated to<br>do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception statement<br>from your version.
JDOM 2.0.6 | License Text - JDOM 1.11<br><br>$Id: LICENSE.txt,v 1.11 2004/02/06 09:32:57 jhunter Exp $<br><br>Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.<br>All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.<br><br>2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows these conditions in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br>3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.<br><br>4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor may "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission from the JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.<br><br>In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following: "This product includes software developed by the JDOM Project (http://www.jdom.org/)." Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos.<br><br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE
JMock 2.11.0<br>jmock-junit4 2.11.0<br>jmock-legacy 2.11.0<br>jmock-script 2.6.0 | License Text - jMock Project License N/A<br><br>jMock Project License<br>Copyright (c) 2000-2007, jMock.org<br>All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br>Neither the name of jMock nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br><br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
JUnit 4.7 | License Text - Common Public License 1.0<br><br>Common Public License Version 1.0<br><br>THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.<br><br>1. DEFINITIONS<br><br>"Contribution" means:<br><br>a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and<br><br>b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:<br><br>i) changes to the Program, and<br><br>ii) additions to the Program;<br><br>where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.<br><br>"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.<br><br>"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.<br><br>"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement.<br><br>"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.<br><br>2. GRANT OF RIGHTS<br><br>a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.<br><br>b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.<br><br>c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.<br><br>d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.<br><br>3. REQUIREMENTS<br><br>A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:<br><br>a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and<br><br>b) its license agreement:<br><br>i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;<br><br>ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;<br><br>iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and<br><br>iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.<br><br>When the Program is made available in source code form:<br><br>a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and<br><br>b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.<br><br>Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.<br><br>Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.<br><br>4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION<br><br>Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense.<br><br>For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.<br><br>5. NO WARRANTY<br><br>EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.<br><br>6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY<br><br>EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.<br><br>7. GENERAL<br><br>If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.<br><br>If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, if Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.<br><br>All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.<br><br>Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. IBM is the initial Agreement Steward. IBM may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.<br><br>This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.
Jython 2.1 | License Text - Jython 2.1<br><br>The Jython License<br>A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING JYTHON<br>PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2<br>1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation ("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using this software ("Jython") in source or binary form and its associated documentation.<br><br>2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Jython alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c) 2007 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Jython alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.<br><br>3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or incorporates Jython or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the changes made to Jython.<br><br>4. PSF is making Jython available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF JYTHON WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.<br><br>5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF JYTHON FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING JYTHON, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.<br><br>6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and conditions.<br><br>7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party.<br><br>8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Jython, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.<br><br>Jython 2.0, 2.1 License<br>Copyright (c) 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 Jython Developers All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br>Neither the name of the Jython Developers nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.<br><br>JPython 1.1.x Software License.<br>This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive, Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and using JPython version 1.1.x in source or binary form and its associated documentation as provided herein ("Software").<br><br>Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright ©1996-1999 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights Reserved" are both retained in the Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.<br><br>Alternatively, in lieu of CNRI's License Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the quotes), provided, however, that such text is displayed prominently in the Software alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee: "JPython (Version 1.1.x) is made available subject to the terms and conditions in CNRI's License Agreement. This Agreement may be located on the Internet using the following unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1006. The License may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Web using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1006."<br><br>In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or incorporates the Software or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work available to the public as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to indicate in any such work, in a prominently visible way, the nature of the modifications made to CNRI's Software.<br><br>Licensee may not use CNRI trademarks or trade name, including JPython or CNRI, in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party. Licensee may use the mark JPython in connection with Licensee's derivative versions that are based on or incorporate the Software, but only in the form "JPython-based ______________ ," or equivalent.<br><br>CNRI is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.<br><br>CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR OTHER USERS OF THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.<br><br>This License Agreement may be terminated by CNRI (i) immediately upon written notice from CNRI of any material breach by the Licensee, if the nature of the breach is such that it cannot be promptly remedied; or (ii) sixty (60) days following notice from CNRI to Licensee of a material remediable breach, if Licensee has not remedied such breach within that sixty-day period.<br><br>This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects by the law of the State of Virginia, excluding conflict of law provisions. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.<br><br>By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by installing, copying or otherwise using the Software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.<br><br>[ACCEPT BUTTON]<br><br>B. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE<br>JPython was created in late 1997 by Jim Hugunin. Jim was also the primary developer while he was at CNRI. In February 1999 Barry Warsaw took over as primary developer and released JPython version 1.1.<br><br>In October 2000 Barry helped move the software to SourceForge where it was renamed to Jython. Jython 2.0 and 2.1 were developed under the Jython specific license below.<br><br>From the 2.2 release on, Jython contributors have signed Python Software Foundation contributor agreements and releases are covered under the Python Software Foundation license version 2.<br><br>The standard library is covered by the Python Software Foundation license as well. See the Lib/LICENSE file for details.<br><br>The zxJDBC package was written by Brian Zimmer and originally licensed under the GNU Public License. The package is now covered by the Jython Software License.<br><br>The command line interpreter is covered by the Apache Software License. See the org/apache/LICENSE file for details.
Navgoco jQuery N/A | License Text - BSD-style license N/A<br><br>Copyright Notice - Navgoco jQuery N/A<br><br>Copyright (c) 2013, Christodoulos Tsoulloftas, http://www.komposta.net<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br><br>2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br>3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br><br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JCRAFT, INC. OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
PicoContainer 2.8.1 | License Text - BSD 4.4<br><br>Copyright 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.<br><br>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br>All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement:<br>This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors.<br>Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.<br><br>The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems have given us permission to reprint portions of their documentation.<br><br>In the following statement, the phrase ''this text'' refers to portions of the system documentation.<br><br>Portions of this text are reprinted and reproduced in electronic form in the second BSD Networking Software Release, from IEEE Std 1003.1-1988, IEEE Standard Portable Operating System Interface for Computer Environments (POSIX), copyright C 1988 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. In the event of any discrepancy between these versions and the original IEEE Standard, the original IEEE Standard is the referee document.<br><br>In the following statement, the phrase ''This material'' refers to portions of the system documentation.<br><br>This material is reproduced with permission from American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems. Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association (CBEMA), 311 First St., NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20001-2178. The developmental work of Programming Language C was completed by the X3J11 Technical Committee.<br><br>The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed or implied, of the Regents of the University of California.<br><br><br><br>NOTE: The copyright of UC Berkeley's Berkeley Software Distribution ("BSD") source has been updated. The copyright addendum may be found at ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change and is included below.<br><br>July 22, 1999<br><br>To All Licensees, Distributors of Any Version of BSD:<br><br>As you know, certain of the Berkeley Software Distribution ("BSD") source code files require that further distributions of products containing all or portions of the software, acknowledge within their advertising materials that such products contain software developed by UC Berkeley and its contributors.<br><br>Specifically, the provision reads:<br><br>" * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software<br>* must display the following acknowledgement:<br>* This product includes software developed by the University of<br>* California, Berkeley and its contributors."<br>Effective immediately, licensees and distributors are no longer required to include the acknowledgement within advertising materials. Accordingly, the foregoing paragraph of those BSD Unix files containing it is hereby deleted in its entirety.<br><br>William Hoskins<br>Director, Office of Technology Licensing<br>University of California, Berkeley
Waffle-Jetty 2.3.0<br>Waffle-JNA 2.3.0 | MIT License<br><br> Copyright (c) ${license.git.copyrightYears} The Waffle Project Contributors: https://github.com/Waffle/waffle/graphs/contributors<br><br> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br><br> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br><br> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.<br><br>
SLF4J API 1.7.25 | Copyright (c) 2004-2007 QOS.ch<br>All rights reserved.<br><br>Permission is hereby granted, free  of charge, to any person obtaining a  copy  of this  software  and  associated  documentation files  (the "Software"), to  deal in  the Software without  restriction, including without limitation  the rights to  use, copy, modify,  merge, publish, distribute,  sublicense, and/or sell  copies of  the Software,  and to permit persons to whom the Software  is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:<br><br>The  above  copyright  notice  and  this permission  notice  shall  be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br><br>THE  SOFTWARE IS  PROVIDED  "AS  IS", WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF ANY  KIND, EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED, INCLUDING  BUT NOT LIMITED  TO THE  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,    FITNESS    FOR    A   PARTICULAR    PURPOSE    AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
activation 1.1.1 | License Text - Common Developer and Distribution License (CDDL) 1.0<br><br> Open Source Initiative OSI - Common Development and Distribution License (CDDL)<br> Submitted by nelson on Tue, 2006-10-31 04:56. ::<br><br> COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE (CDDL)<br> Version 1.0<br> (text)<br><br> 1. Definitions.<br><br> 1.1. Contributor means each individual or entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications.<br><br> 1.2. Contributor Version means the combination of the Original Software, prior Modifications used by a Contributor (if any), and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.<br><br> 1.3. Covered Software means (a) the Original Software, or (b) Modifications, or (c) the combination of files containing Original Software with files containing Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.<br><br> 1.4. Executable means the Covered Software in any form other than Source Code.<br><br> 1.5. Initial Developer means the individual or entity that first makes Original Software available under this License.<br><br> 1.6. Larger Work means a work which combines Covered Software or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.<br><br> 1.7. License means this document.<br><br> 1.8. Licensable means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.<br><br> 1.9. Modifications means the Source Code and Executable form of any of the following:<br><br> A. Any file that results from an addition to, deletion from or modification of the contents of a file containing Original Software or previous Modifications;<br><br> B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Software or previous Modification; or<br><br> C. Any new file that is contributed or otherwise made available under the terms of this License.<br><br> 1.10. Original Software means the Source Code and Executable form of computer software code that is originally released under this License.<br><br> 1.11. Patent Claims means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.<br><br> 1.12. Source Code means (a) the common form of computer software code in which modifications are made and (b) associated documentation included in or with such code.<br><br> 1.13. You (or Your) means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal entities, You includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition, control means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.<br><br> 2. License Grants.<br><br> 2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.<br><br> Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject to third party intellectual property claims, the Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license:<br><br> (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Software (or portions thereof), with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and<br><br> (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Software, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Software (or portions thereof).<br><br> (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes or otherwise makes the Original Software available to a third party under the terms of this License.<br><br> (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is granted: (1) for code that You delete from the Original Software, or (2) for infringements caused by: (i) the modification of the Original Software, or (ii) the combination of the Original Software with other software or devices.<br><br> 2.2. Contributor Grant.<br><br> Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license:<br><br> (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Contributor to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof), either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Software and/or as part of a Larger Work; and<br><br> (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: (1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and (2) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination).<br><br> (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are effective on the date Contributor first distributes or otherwise makes the Modifications available to a third party.<br><br> (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is granted: (1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; (2) for infringements caused by: (i) third party modifications of Contributor Version, or (ii) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or (3) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Software in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor.<br><br> 3. Distribution Obligations.<br><br> 3.1. Availability of Source Code.<br><br> Any Covered Software that You distribute or otherwise make available in Executable form must also be made available in Source Code form and that Source Code form must be distributed only under the terms of this License. You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code form of the Covered Software You distribute or otherwise make available. You must inform recipients of any such Covered Software in Executable form as to how they can obtain such Covered Software in Source Code form in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.<br><br> 3.2. Modifications.<br><br> The Modifications that You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License. You represent that You believe Your Modifications are Your original creation(s) and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.<br><br> 3.3. Required Notices.<br><br> You must include a notice in each of Your Modifications that identifies You as the Contributor of the Modification. You may not remove or alter any copyright, patent or trademark notices contained within the Covered Software, or any notices of licensing or any descriptive text giving attribution to any Contributor or the Initial Developer.<br><br> 3.4. Application of Additional Terms.<br><br> You may not offer or impose any terms on any Covered Software in Source Code form that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients rights hereunder. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Software. However, you may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear that any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.<br><br> 3.5. Distribution of Executable Versions.<br><br> You may distribute the Executable form of the Covered Software under the terms of this License or under the terms of a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable form does not attempt to limit or alter the recipients rights in the Source Code form from the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute the Covered Software in Executable form under a different license, You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.<br><br> 3.6. Larger Works.<br><br> You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Software with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Software.<br><br> 4. Versions of the License.<br><br> 4.1. New Versions.<br><br> Sun Microsystems, Inc. is the initial license steward and may publish revised and/or new versions of this License from time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. Except as provided in Section 4.3, no one other than the license steward has the right to modify this License.<br><br> 4.2. Effect of New Versions.<br><br> You may always continue to use, distribute or otherwise make the Covered Software available under the terms of the version of the License under which You originally received the Covered Software. If the Initial Developer includes a notice in the Original Software prohibiting it from being distributed or otherwise made available under any subsequent version of the License, You must distribute and make the Covered Software available under the terms of the version of the License under which You originally received the Covered Software. Otherwise, You may also choose to use, distribute or otherwise make the Covered Software available under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by the license steward.<br><br> 4.3. Modified Versions.<br><br> When You are an Initial Developer and You want to create a new license for Your Original Software, You may create and use a modified version of this License if You: (a) rename the license and remove any references to the name of the license steward (except to note that the license differs from this License); and (b) otherwise make it clear that the license contains terms which differ from this License.<br><br> 5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.<br><br> COVERED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.<br><br> 6. TERMINATION.<br><br> 6.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive.<br><br> 6.2. If You assert a patent infringement claim (excluding declaratory judgment actions) against Initial Developer or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom You assert such claim is referred to as Participant) alleging that the Participant Software (meaning the Contributor Version where the Participant is a Contributor or the Original Software where the Participant is the Initial Developer) directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted directly or indirectly to You by such Participant, the Initial Developer (if the Initial Developer is not the Participant) and all Contributors under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively and automatically at the expiration of such 60 day notice period, unless if within such 60 day period You withdraw Your claim with respect to the Participant Software against such Participant either unilaterally or pursuant to a written agreement with Participant.<br><br> 6.3. In the event of termination under Sections 6.1 or 6.2 above, all end user licenses that have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination (excluding licenses granted to You by any distributor) shall survive termination.<br><br> 7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.<br><br> UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED SOFTWARE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTYS NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.<br><br> 8. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.<br><br> The Covered Software is a commercial item, as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of commercial computer software (as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(1)) and commercial computer software documentation as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Software with only those rights set forth herein. This U.S. Government Rights clause is in lieu of, and supersedes, any other FAR, DFAR, or other clause or provision that addresses Government rights in computer software under this License.<br><br> 9. MISCELLANEOUS.<br><br> This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by the law of the jurisdiction specified in a notice contained within the Original Software (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding such jurisdictions conflict-of-law provisions. Any litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the jurisdiction and venue specified in a notice contained within the Original Software, with the losing party responsible for costs, including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License. You agree that You alone are responsible for compliance with the United States export administration regulations (and the export control laws and regulation of any other countries) when You use, distribute or otherwise make available any Covered Software.<br><br> 10. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.<br><br> As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.
annotations 3.0.1<br>SwingX 1.0<br>swingx-beaninfo 1.6.5-1 | License Text - GNU Lesser General Public License 3<br><br> GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE<br> Version 3, 29 June 2007<br><br> Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/> Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.<br><br> This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.<br><br> 0. Additional Definitions.<br><br> As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.<br><br> "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License, other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.<br><br> An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library. Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode of using an interface provided by the Library.<br><br> A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an Application with the Library. The particular version of the Library with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked Version".<br><br> The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.<br><br> The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.<br><br> 1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.<br><br> You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.<br><br> 2. Conveying Modified Versions.<br><br> If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified version:<br><br> a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the function or data, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or<br><br> b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of this License applicable to that copy.<br><br> 3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.<br><br> The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from a header file that is part of the Library. You may convey such object code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates (ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:<br><br> a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License.<br><br> b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license document.<br><br> 4. Combined Works.<br><br> You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that, taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of the following:<br><br> a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License.<br><br> b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license document.<br><br> c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.<br><br> d) Do one of the following:<br><br> 0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding Source.<br><br> 1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked Version.<br><br> e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise be required to provide such information under section 6 of the GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is necessary to install and execute a modified version of the Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding Source.)<br><br> 5. Combined Libraries.<br><br> You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side by side in a single library together with other library facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your choice, if you do both of the following:<br><br> a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities, conveyed under the terms of this License.<br><br> b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.<br><br> 6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.<br><br> The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.<br><br> Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that published version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.<br><br> If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the Library.<br><br>
curvesapi 1.04.0<br>hamcrest-core 1.3<br>hamcrest-library 1.3 | The 2-Clause BSD License<br><br>Copyright <YEAR> <COPYRIGHT HOLDER><br><br> Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br><br> 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br><br> 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br><br> THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
hk2 api 2.6.1<br>hk2 locator 2.6.1<br>hk2-utils 2.6.1<br>jakarta.annotation-api 1.3.5<br>jakarta.ws.rs-api 2.1.6<br>jakarta.annotation-api 1.3.5<br>jersey-client 2.31<br>jersey-common 2.31<br>jersey-container-jetty-http 2.31<br>jersey-container-servlet-core 2.31<br>jersey-entity-filtering 2.31<br>jersey-hk2 2.31<br>jersey-media-jaxb 2.31<br>jersey-media-json-jackson 2.31<br>jersey-server 2.31 | License Text - Eclipse Public License 2.0<br><br> Eclipse Public License - v 1.0<br><br> THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.<br><br> 1. DEFINITIONS<br><br> "Contribution" means:<br><br> a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and<br> b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:<br><br> i) changes to the Program, and<br><br> ii) additions to the Program;<br><br> where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.<br><br> "Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.<br><br> "Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.<br><br> "Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement.<br><br> "Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.<br><br> 2. GRANT OF RIGHTS<br><br> a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.<br><br> b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.<br><br> c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.<br><br> d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.<br><br> 3. REQUIREMENTS<br><br> A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:<br><br> a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and<br><br> b) its license agreement:<br><br> i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;<br><br> ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;<br><br> iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and<br><br> iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.<br><br> When the Program is made available in source code form:<br><br> a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and<br><br> b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.<br><br> Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.<br><br> Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.<br><br> 4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION<br><br> Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense.<br><br> For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.<br><br> 5. NO WARRANTY<br><br> EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement , including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.<br><br> 6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY<br><br> EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.<br><br> 7. GENERAL<br><br> If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.<br><br> If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.<br><br> All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.<br><br> Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse Foundation may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.<br><br> This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.
sqljdbc4 4.0 | MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS<br><br> MICROSOFT JDBC DRIVER 4.0 FOR SQL SERVER<br><br> These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you  live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software  named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to  any Microsoft<br><br> • updates,<br> • supplements,<br> • Internet-based services, and<br> • support services<br> for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.<br><br> BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT  ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.<br><br> If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.<br><br> 1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. <br><br> a. Installation and Use.<br><br> i. You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.<br><br> b. Third Party Programs. The software may include third party programs that Microsoft,  not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement. Notices, if any, for the third  party program are included for your information only.<br><br> 2. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.<br><br> a. Distributable Code.<br><br> i.	Right to Use and Distribute. You are permitted to distribute the software in programs you  develop if you comply with the terms below:<br><br> * You may copy and distribute the object code form of the software (“Distributable Code”) in  programs you develop. You may not modify the software.<br> * You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code  as part of those programs.<br> ii.	Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must<br> * add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;<br> * require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as  much as this agreement;<br> * display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and<br> * indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys’ fees,  related to the distribution or use of your programs.<br> iii.	Distribution Restrictions. You may not<br> * alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code;<br> * use Microsoft’s trademarks in your programs’ names or in a way that suggests your programs  come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;<br> * include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; or<br> * modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it  becomes subject to an Excluded License. An Excluded License is one that requires, as a  condition of use, modification or distribution, that<br> * the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or<br> * others have the right to modify it.<br><br><br> 3. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you  some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law  gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly  permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in  the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not<br><br> • work around any technical limitations in the software;<br> • reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent  that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;<br> • make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by  applicable law, despite this limitation;<br> • publish the software for others to copy;<br> • rent, lease or lend the software;<br> • transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or<br> • use the software for commercial software hosting services.<br><br> 4. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The software is subject to United States export laws and  regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and  regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end  users and end use. For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.<br><br> 5. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is “as is,” we may not provide support  services for it.<br><br> 6. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet- based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software  and support services.<br><br> 7. APPLICABLE LAW.<br><br> a. United States. If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law  governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it,  regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all  other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition  laws, and in tort.<br><br> b. Outside the United States. If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of  that country apply.<br><br> 8. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights  under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from  whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws  of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.<br><br> 9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU  BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS  WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. YOU MAY HAVE  ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS  AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER  YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES  OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.<br><br> 10. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. YOU CAN  RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP  TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING  CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL  DAMAGES.<br><br> This limitation applies to<br><br> • anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet  sites, or third party programs, and<br> • claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability,  negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.<br><br> It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the  damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may  not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.<br><br> Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this  agreement are provided below in French.<br><br> Remarque : Ce logiciel étant distribué au Québec, Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce  contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.<br><br> EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».  Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril. Microsoft n’accorde aucune  autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local  sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont  permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un  usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.<br><br> LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE  RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de  ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00  $ US. Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y  compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.<br><br> Cette limitation concerne :<br> • tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant  sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et<br> • les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de  responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi  en vigueur.<br><br> Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité  d’un tel dommage. Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité  pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la  limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.<br><br> EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir  d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits  que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.


{% include links.html %}
